Add `prefer-class-fields` rule (#2512)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/prefer-class-fields.md

> # Prefer class field declarations over assigning static values in constructor using `this`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prefer class field declarations over `this` assignments in constructor
```

Author: Applied this change to readme.md and rules' markdown file - it seems that `prefer-class-fields.md` was getting updated using content of the `readme.md` by `fix` npm script.
Now it's okay.

💼 This rule is enabled in the ✅ `recommended` [config](https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn#preset-configs-eslintconfigjs).

🔧 This rule is automatically fixable by the [`--fix` CLI option](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/command-line-interface#--fix).

<!-- end auto-generated rule header -->
<!-- Do not manually modify this header. Run: `npm run fix:eslint-docs` -->

This rule will enforce the use of field declarations over `this` assignments in constructors for static values.

> To avoid leaving empty constructors after autofix use [`no-useless-constructor` rule](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/no-useless-constructor).

## Fail

```js
class Foo {

>   constructor() {

Reviewer: tab-indentation

Author: 378f58bf45ea56b930cba9b48f7fbac71e4a2131

		this.foo = 'foo';
	}
}

class MyError extends Error {
	constructor(message: string) {
		super(message);
		this.name = 'MyError';
	}
}
```

## Pass

```js
class Foo {
	foo = 'foo';
}

class MyError extends Error {
	name = 'MyError'
}

> ```

Reviewer: Can you use this style for the examples?

https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn/blob/4e539b4b084ce06165a0fdbc02d309ce7cf75c82/docs/rules/consistent-existence-index-check.md?plain=1#L16-L36

Author: Sure, sorry for that - previously I've looked to [prefer-switch docs](https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn/blob/main/docs/rules/prefer-switch.md) for inspiration.
Change done in: e839988df76908e9935e782884401bf9d7b3503e
